Hi~ Are you guys doing well?
It's finally time to spend some time with Ai-chan!
Today, Big Sister Ai is going to casually introduce the tale of Momotaro to you guys!
Big Sister Ai's rendition of Momotaro's tale!
And here we go~
A long, long time ago, there lived an old couple at a faraway place.
They were living off a pension.
When the old man made a trip to the mountains...
The old woman...
Went to the river to do the laundry.
Old Woman: Oh, ahh... Here we go...
Oh boy, does my hip hurt...
And we don't have enough money every month...
I wonder if a delicious-looking peach or something will flow down the river...
Splash... Splash...
Oh, goody! A peach! Here we go...
I bet this can feed me and the old man at home for a whole month!
Thus, the old woman took the peach that flowed down the river back home with her.
Old man! Look here at this peach!
Old Man: Ooooh, it sure looks like a wonderful peach.
Old Woman: Let's split it into two immediately... Hiyaah!
Momotaro: Burst out!
Grandpa, Grandma... I know...
The two of you are being troubled by ogres, right?
I'll deal with the ogres for you in a jiffy, so I'll help myself to all your pension funds, alright?
And thus, Momotaro went ogre hunting as soon as he was born.
Great. I picked that peach because I had a good feeling about it. Now, their pension is practically mine already.
As Momotaro traveled along his path, he encountered a dog.
Dog: Bow wow! Momotaro, Momotaro!
Momotaro: Wait, how do you know my name... Are you a stalker?
Well, sorry but... I'm not interested in that kind of stuff...
Well, I'll head my own way now, bye~
And so Momotaro left without making friends with that dog.
As he continued his journey, he later met with a monkey.
Monkey: Squeek~ Momotaro, Momotaro!
I heard that you have some kibi dango (a Japanese snack) with you...
Well, I'll be your friend, so, can I have one of your kibi dango?
Momotaro: Why do you know my name too?
Well, about the kibi dango...I kind of forgot and left it at home...
Well, I'll have to go now, sorry!
And so, Momotaro didn't make friends with the monkey either.
"Gosh that's dangerous... Why does it seem like everyone's stalking me?"
thought Momotaro, just before he met a beautiful girl as his quest continued.
Why does everyone know my name... Creepy...
Pretty Girl: Aaah~ Lord Momotaro~ I've heard the rumors...
They say that you have delicious kibi dango with you, right?
If you don't mind, can I have some?
In exchange, let's become friends!
Momotaro: Oh? You know my name too? Gosh, I'm shy... ><
About the kibi dango... Well, I don't have them with me now...
Let's grab some kibi dango together after I exterminate the ogres.
Even though Momotaro didn't befriend the dog and monkey, he did become friends with the beautiful girl that caught his eye.
She also happens to be the weakest in terms of battle power out of all of them.
And so, the two of them continued to flirt all the way to Onigashima.
I finally found you, ogre! I'm going to exterminate you now, alright? Gyaaaah!
As Momotaro fought, the ogre said these things.
Ogre: Wait a second! Stop! Momotaro, please wait!
Well, I'm sure you've heard, but... I haven't be able to make a girlfriend for the past 30 years...
Well... Momotaro, you're a fulfilled normie (riajuu), right?
Even though you won't understand my feelings, I still have to ask...
If you would give me the lass you have by your side...
I'll stop doing evil things... So, pretty please!
I want a girlfriend, please help me out.
Momotaro: Wait, so I don't have to fight if I hand her over? Well, that's fine, right? It's okay, right?
Pretty Girl: How could you... You're horrible, Momotaro!
Didn't we promise to eat kibi dango together?!
Momotaro: Well, I can just deliver some kibi dango to you later, right?
Well, here you go.
YEAH! I WIN!
Even though Momotaro couldn't exterminate the ogre...
He managed to deal with it in some way. On his way back, he also managed to obtain the elixir of youth.
He thus returned home with the elixir in hand.
Momotaro: Yo, Grandma, Grandpa! I finally did it!
How was it?! I'm amazing, right? Ahahaha...
Well, you see, Grandma...
I have some elixir of youth with me... Won't you take a little sip?
What followed was that the old woman returned to her pretty, young form.
Well, Grandpa, half your pension is enough! I'll just take the beautiful Grandma along with me for the other half!
You'll give it to me? Thanks!
And so, Momotaro got both the money and the now beautiful "Grandma".
He then got back into his peach and sailed to the house of the next elderly couple.
End of story~
Everyone~ Make sure to watch this tale of Momotaro before bedtime!
And that performance was brought to you by Big Sister Ai!
See you soon~
Translated by Ryogawa